add semver tagging semantics (#214)
concourse/registry-image-resource: README.md

# Registry Image Resource

Supports checking, fetching, and pushing of images to Docker registries.
This resource can be used in two ways: [with `tag`
specified](#check-with-tag-discover-new-digests-for-the-tag) and [without
`tag`](#check-without-tag-discover-semver-tags).

With `tag` specified, `check` will detect changes to the digest the tag points
to, and `out` will always push to the specified tag. This is to be used in
simpler cases where no real versioning exists.

> With `tag` omitted, `check` will instead detect tags based on semver versions

Reviewer: Since semver will be the default, will existing resources in pipelines that don't specify a `tag` will continue to maintain the current status quo where `latest` is the default ?

Author: Yep. It works a bit differently, since it'll change to detecting all the semver versions, and if `latest` has the same digest as a semver tag (which is also the latest version) you'll see that tag instead, but `latest` will always take precedence if it has its own special digest or if there are no semver tags at all.

So, this should be backwards compatible, with one edge case exception: if `latest` points to the same digest as a tag `1.2.3` but there is a newer version tag, say `1.3.0`, the resource will return `1.3.0` whereas before it would have returned the `1.2.3` digest.

This is a little awkward to fix because it's a state that the registry could be in temporarily while a new version is being bumped - say `1.3.0` has just shipped but the `latest` tag hasn't bumped yet. If we have `latest` take priority, the version history would go from (1.2.3) to (1.2.3, 1.3.0, latest [1.2.3]), and then finally to (1.2.3, 1.3.0). Which seems a bit janky.

Reviewer: That makes sense. The probability of the repo being in the state of the edge case is low and based on the meaning of `latest`, the returning  `1.3.0` as the last version rather than `1.2.3` makes more sense logically.

## Source Configuration

* `repository`: *Required.* The name of the repository, e.g. `alpine` or
  `concourse/concourse`.

  *Note: If using ecr you only need the repository name, not the full URI e.g.
  `alpine` not `012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/alpine`*

* `tag`: *Optional.* Instead of monitoring semver tags, monitor a single tag
  for changes (based on digest).

> * `variant`: *Optional.* Detect only tags matching this variant suffix, and

Reviewer 2: It might be obvious, but *maybe* it's worth pointing out that this doesn't do anything if you have `tag` set, and that you should instead add the variant to the `tag`.

e.g. you'd specify:

```
tag: stable-alpine
```

rather than

```
tag: stable
variant: alpine
```

Author: It technically still does something - it won't be used for `check`, but if someone does a `put` with a `version` set, the configured variant will be appended to the version:

```yaml
resources:
- name: my-image
  type: registry-image
  source:
    repository: vito/foobar
    tag: banana
    variant: alpine

jobs:
- name: pusha-t
  plan:
  - put: my-image
    params: {version: 1.2.3} # pushes 'banana' and '1.2.3-alpine'
```

It's a little weird, but it's a thing.

Pushed a README change, lemme know what you think!

Reviewer 2: Ah thanks, makes sense

will be detected. With `variant` omitted, tags which include a variant are
ignored.

Note: some image tags actually include *mutliple* variants, e.g.
`1.2.3-php7.3-apache`. With a variant of only `apache` configured, these tags
will be skipped to avoid accidentally using multiple variants. In order to
use these tags, you must specify the full variant combination, e.g.
`php7.3-apache`.

Example:

```yaml
resources:
- name: concourse
  type: registry-image
  source:
    repository: concourse/concourse
    variant: ubuntu
```

The above resource definition would detect the following versions:

```json
[
  {
    "tag": "5.2.1-ubuntu",
    "digest": "sha256:91f5d180d84ee4b2cedfae45771adac62c67c3f5f615448d3c34057c09404f27"
  },
  {
    "tag": "5.2.2-ubuntu",
    "digest": "sha256:cb631d788797f0fbbe72a00afd18e5e4bced356e1b988d1862dc9565130a6226"
  },
  // ...
]
```

#### Pre-release versions

By default, pre-release versions are ignored. With `pre_releases: true`, they
will be included.

Note however that variants and pre-releases both use the same syntax:
`1.2.3-alpine` is technically also valid syntax for a Semver prerelease. For

> this reason, the resource will only consider prelease data containing
> `alpha.`, `beta.`, or `rc.` as a proper prerelease, treating anything else as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this reason, the resource will only consider prerelease data starting with
`alpha`, `beta`, or `rc` as a proper prerelease, treating anything else as
```
